adding docs on backuping / verifying OBC contents (#2339)
operate-first/apps: docs/content/odf/buckets-external-access.md

s3-openshift-storage.apps.smaug.na.operate-first.cloud
```

> Note: Sometimes there are multiple types of storage installed on a cluster. This means there are also multiple routes for managed storage instances. For reference this was the case on the Morty cluster, which has since been decommisioned. If you have tried authenticating and issues persists, navigate to the "Storage" tab, and then the "Object Bucket Claims" tab in openshift. Find the OBC which you are attempting to get external access to and check its backing `storageClass`. Then navigate to the `openshift-storage` namespace (or whever the s3 route is deployed), and find the route exposing the corresponding storage service.

Reviewer: Let's make note a "note" when rendered + simplify about non-existing cluster.

```suggestion
> Note: Sometimes there are multiple types of storage installed on a cluster. This means there are also multiple routes for managed storage instances. For reference this was the case on a (retired) Morty cluster. If you have tried authenticating and issues persists, navigate to the "Storage" tab, and then the "Object Bucket Claims" tab in OpenShift Console. Find the OBC which you are attempting to get external access to and check its backing `storageClass`. Then navigate to the `openshift-storage` namespace, and find the route exposing the corresponding storage service.
```

> In the morty example, there were two routes for s3 buckets: `https://s3-rook-openshift-storage.apps.morty.emea.operate-first.cloud/`, and `https://s3-openshift-storage.apps.morty.emea.operate-first.cloud/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Morty example, there were two routes for s3 buckets: `https://s3-rook-openshift-storage.apps.morty.emea.operate-first.cloud/`, and `https://s3-openshift-storage.apps.morty.emea.operate-first.cloud/`.
```

the "Extract bucket information" section, create a MinIO alias
definition for your bucket:

> 

Reviewer: No need for extra line here.

```

> mc alias set example-obc $BUCKET_ENDPOINT $AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID $AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY

Reviewer: Let's add a note, that `mc` refers to MinIO client not Midnight Commander and link to this: https://github.com/minio/mc/blob/master/CONFLICT.md

I don't care about the rename.. I just don't want people to be confused. Some linux distros package MinIO client as `mcli`, some as `mc` :shrug:

> mc alias set example-obc $BUCKET_ENDPOINT $AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID $AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY

Reviewer: Let's add a note, that `mc` refers to MinIO client not Midnight Commander and link to this: https://github.com/minio/mc/blob/master/CONFLICT.md

I don't care about the rename.. I just don't want people to be confused. Some linux distros package MinIO client as `mcli`, some as `mc` :shrug:
